U.A. High School's hero course...
In a world where about 80% of the population
has some kind of superpower called a "Quirk,"
this prestigious school was built to raise
heroes to oppose villains and their crimes.
I, Izuku Midoriya, am a student at this school,
working hard to achieve my dream--
To become someone who
can save people with a smile...
Yes, this is the story of
how I became the greatest hero!
"Summer Vacation Hero Special:
"All Might Becomes a High School Teacher"
From Number One Hero
to U.A. High School Teacher."
This time, we will look back
at All Might's work and his great--
"Villain - Kurogiri - Quirk: Warp Gate"
"Villain - Tomura Shigaraki - Quirk: Decay"
I figured it out.
I know why the hero killer pisses me off
and why those U.A. brats irritate me.
It's all because of All Might.
It's because he's always
smiling thoughtlessly,
as if there was no one he couldn't save.
Because he's always smiling thoughtlessly...
Izuku Midoriya.
He was Quirkless until
his third year of middle school,
but then he suddenly manifested a Quirk.
In April of this year, after enrolling at
U.A. High School, he distinguished himself,
finishing in the top eight
at the U.A. sports festival.
And then,
during the Hosu incident, he and his friends
fought against Hero Killer: Stain, and won.
At that time, the hero killer saved his life.
The boy acknowledged by the hero killer,
the man seeking true heroes.
The complete opposite of Tomura Shigaraki...
I'll make it myself--
A world without All Might.
And I'll show everyone...
...just how fragile that
so-called justice is.
"Game Start"
U.A. High School has finished
all classes for the first semester
and started summer vacation.
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
But that didn't mean
I had time to play.
To prepare for the upcoming
training camp in the woods,
I continued my independent training.
Can you see that?
He's already saved a hundred people!
That's crazy! It hasn't
even been ten minutes!
That's crazy!
He's laughing!
It's fine now. Why?
Because I am here.
All Might...
There are still times when
I can't believe it...
That All Might acknowledged me
and transferred his Quirk to me...
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
Mineta? Kaminari?
Hey, Midoriya!
Let's go to the pool!
The pool?
Yeah, before the summer training camp--
Let's train together!
Vlad, about the strength increasing
part of the summer training camp...
"Pro Hero - Vlad King"
Eraser, before that, can you confirm
the Quirks of the Class A students for me?
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
All right.
Seat number 1, Yuga Aoyama.
Quirk: Navel Laser.
He can shoot a laser
from his bellybutton.
Number 2, Mina Ashido.
Quirk: Acid.
She can secrete acid from
her body and melt her target.
Number 3, Tsuyu Asui. Quirk: Frog.
She can do pretty much everything a frog can.
Number 4, Tenya Iida.
Quirk: Engine.
He can move very fast using
the engines in his calves.
Number 5, Ochaco Uraraka.
Quirk: Zero Gravity.
She can make anything
she touches weightless.
Number 6, Mashirao Ojiro.
Quirk: Tail.
He can manipulate his tail freely
and use it like his arms or legs.
Number 7, Denki Kaminari.
Quirk: Electrification.
He can discharge the
electricity stored up in his body.
Number 8, Eijiro Kirishima.
Quirk: Hardening.
As the name implies,
he can harden his whole body.
Number 9, Koji Koda.
Quirk: Anivoice.
"tremble tremble tremble"
He can control living things other
than humans, like animals and insects.
Number 10, Rikido Sato.
Quirk: Sugar Rush.
He can change the sugar
stored up in his body into power.
Number 11, Mezo
Shoji. Quirk: Dupli-Arms.
He can make things like eyes,
mouths, or ears at the tips of his arms.
Number 12, Kyoka Jiro.
Quirk: Earphone Jack.
Using the plugs on her earlobes,
she can distinguish between
even the quietest sounds,
and she can use the speakers on
her legs to release explosive sounds.
Number 13, Hanta Sero. Quirk: Tape.
He can shoot sticky tape from his elbows
and use it to apprehend his opponent
or use it to move around.
Number 14, Fumikage Tokoyami.
Quirk: Dark Shadow.
He can manipulate the shadow,
Dark Shadow, at will.
Number 15, Shoto Todoroki.
Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot.
He can emit ice from his right half
and flames from his left half.
Number 16, Toru Hagakure.
Quirk: Invisibility.
"Stealth Hero: Invisible Girl"
Basically, she's invisible.
Number 17, Katsuki Bakugo.
Quirk: Explosion.
He secretes a nitroglycerin-like
sweat and makes it explode.
Number 18, Izuku Midoriya.
Quirk: Super Power.
He can increase the power of
part of his body or his whole body
and increase his physical abilities.
Number 19, Minoru Mineta.
Quirk: Pop Off.
He pops off his hair--balls that can
stick to anything--and throws them.
Number 20, Momo Yaoyorozu.
Quirk: Creation.
She can create any non-living
thing from the lipids in her body.
That's all.
We should also look at Class B's Quirks--
Excuse us.
What is it, you three?
Mr. Aizawa, about the form we turned in
the day before yesterday to use the pool...
Oh right, the school granted permission.
You can use the pool until 5 p.m.
Yes, sir!
Thank you very much!
You said you wanted to use
the pool for endurance training, right?
Do your best.
Yes, sir!
Using the pool for endurance training, huh?
What a great idea, Mineta!
If we're at school,
then we can use our Quirks, too.
It's perfect for training!
We're in the hero course, you know.
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!
Ultra!
It was the right choice to invite
the diligent Midoriya, Mineta.
If it had just been us, we might not have
gotten permission to use the pool, huh?
By the way, there's
no problem with that, is there?
Of course not. I overheard by accident--
After finals were over...
We have to refrain from
taking long trips over the summer?
Apparently, it's a request from the school.
That's too bad. I was supposed
to go to Venice with my parents.
How bourgeois!
Aw, I bought a new swimsuit, too!
It can't be helped.
We were attacked by
the League of Villains before.
Even so, I wanna play! I wanna go somewhere!
Then, do you wanna meet up at
the school pool over summer vacation?
Yeah, if we're using the school pool, then
I'm sure the teachers will give us permission.
Good idea! Then we won't have
to spend any money, either.
It's better than being cooped up at home.
Then, I'll go get permission from the school.
That's what I heard!
Then we have no choice but to go!
Let's find the new charm of
the girls in a different setting!
Come, let us go...
...to our paradise!
You're late!
Hey, hey, hey!
Why are you guys here?
Since we're doing
endurance training at the pool,
I messaged everyone
to see if they wanted to come.
Is that what happened?
You're too diligent, Midoriya!
Calm down, Kaminari.
There are definitely girls in swimsuits here!
I'll burn the sight into my eyes!
The sight of their new swimsuits!
Oh, Mineta.
Kaminari, you came, too?
What's with those swimsuits?
They should be wearing bikinis.
School-issue swimsuits are pretty good, too.
You're okay with anything?
Kaminari, Mineta!
It was a great idea to suggest
endurance training at school!
I'm impressed!
Now, why don't you come
and sweat with the rest of us?
N-No, wait...
W-Wait...
Wait a minute!
"Izuku Midoriya"
"Quirk: One For All"
"Smashes villains with a super power passed down from one generation to the next."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A" "Birthday: 7/15"
"Height: 166 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Pork Cutlet Bowl"
"Ochaco Uraraka"
"Quirk: Zero Gravity"
"She can make people and things weightless with the pads on the tips of her fingers."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A" "Birthday: 12/27"
"Height: 156 cm" "Blood Type: B" "Likes: Japanese Food"
Here I go!
Here!
Got it!
Ribbit!
Take that!
Got it!
All right, let's take a 15-minute break!
I brought these for everyone! Drink up!
Oh!
Just what I'd expect from the class rep!
I feel alive again. Thanks!
Why are the girls playing around?
They got permission
to use the pool for sunbathing.
--It's too hard... too hard... too hard...
--Mineta, why did you apply
to use it for endurance training?
--It's too hard... too hard... too hard...
--We might not have
gotten permission otherwise!
You've been working out, huh?
Yeah, I've been working out ever
since summer vacation started.
We must do our utmost.
Midoriya.
You need to take a break.
Thanks, Iida.
What?
Well, I just thought it was strange.
During the entrance exams, I didn't think
I'd end up being such good friends with you.
Frankly, I didn't think
much of you back then.
But during the practical exam...
Smash...!
...you prioritized saving
Uraraka over passing the exam.
How can a hero course reject people
who save others and do the right thing?
Come, Young Midoriya.
This is your hero academia!
I was so happy.
It had always been my dream
to attend All Might's alma mater, U.A.
But when I was told that whoever was last
place in the fitness test would be expelled,
I thought it was over for me.
Even so, you didn't give up.
Not during the combat training, either.
Detroit...
...Smash!
What the--?
Improvised special move--
Comet Home Run!
You call that a home run?!
Retrieved!
This was all...
I could think of...
It's true that your methods were reckless,
but I could feel your tenacity, Midoriya.
I think that's what Bakugo and I lost to.
That's...
I'm here thanks to the
help of many different people.
That's why I need to work harder!
Of course!
Otherwise there's no way
I'd lose to a damn nerd like you!
K-Kacchan!
I got your message, but sorry I'm late!
It took some time to get Bakugo to come.
Is that what happened?
Hey, damn Deku!
You wanna decide things right now? Huh?
No... that's not...
It's true that just training
isn't that interesting.
Everyone, do you want to see which of
the boys can swim 50 meters the fastest?
Yeah!
Sounds fun!
Let's do it!
Iida, we will help, too.
Thanks!
What about Quirks? Can we use them?
We're at school,
so there shouldn't be a problem.
However, you cannot cause
damage to any people or buildings!
I'll crush you, Deku!
Of course, I'll crush you, too,
Half-and-Half Bastard!
Then, on your marks...
Get set...
Explosive Speed Turbo!
How was that, you extras?!
What do you mean, "How was that"?!
You didn't even swim!
It's freestyle!
On your marks...
Get set...
Hi!
You're supposed to be swimming!
On your marks...
Get set...
You too, Iida?!
One For All...
...Full Cowling!
Wow!
Good job, Midoriya!
Iida, you were so close!
You beat me, Midoriya.
Iida, you were amazing, too.
Midoriya...
If you have something from
the number one hero, then I...
...have even more reason to beat you.
By winning first place without
using my damn old man's Quirk,
I'll reject him completely.
You want to win with just
half your strength?!
You haven't put a single
scratch on me yet, you know!
Come at with me with everything you've got!
It's your power, isn't it?!
I want... to be a hero, too...!
You must be Hero Killer: Stain!
I am the younger brother
of a hero you attacked.
The younger brother of
a most excellent older brother!
I have come to stop you in his place!
You and your brother are both weak.
Because you're fakes.
Smash!
I came to save you, Iida!
You made me late.
The two of us will protect them!
Why are you two...
Why...
Please, stop!
I've inherited my brother's name.
Please stop...
I'm... already...
If you want us to stop, then stand up!
Look properly at what you want to be!
Todoroki, I vow once more
that I will become a hero
like my elder brother.
I will also become the hero I wish to be...
I will also become a hero--
A hero like All Might,
who saves people with a smile...
"Let's make this town safe and peaceful"
"Regional Safety Campaign Going on Now"
"Stop! Drunk Driving"
U.A. High School was attacked by the League
of Villains during a rescue training session
during what became known
as the USJ incident...
There were indiscriminate attacks by Hero Killer:
Stain and the League of Villains in Hosu City,
which became known as the Hosu incident...
And then, the other day,
Tomura Shigaraki, thought to be
the leader of the League of Villains
suddenly appeared before Izuku Midoriya,
a student in the hero course at U.A. High...
There have not been any significant moves
made by the League of Villains since.
However, I'm sure they
are wriggling under the surface.
I know.
The police are working with heroes to gather
information about the League of Villains.
"Police Officer - Naomasa Tsukauchi"
When that investigation bears fruit,
we'll be counting on you, All Might.
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
Of course, Tsukauchi.
The winners of each heat--Bakugo, Todoroki,
and Midoriya--will race for first place.
Is that all right?
Yup.
Yeah.
Hey, Half-and-Half Bastard!
Don't hold back like
you did at the sports festival.
Come at me seriously!
All right.
You too, damn Deku!
A-All right, Kacchan.
Then, the 50-m freestyle
final will begin now!
Go, Bakugo!
Don't kill the other guys!
Todoroki, don't lose!
Do your best, Deku!
Everyone, fight!
On your marks...
I'll fly across all at once!
I'll slide through.
I'll swim to the finish
with everything I've got!
Get set...
Wh-What?
Their Quirks were erased?
It's 5 p.m.
Your pool use time has now ended.
Hurry up and go home.
Come on, Mr. Aizawa!
We just got to the good part!
Did you say something?
Nothing, sir!
Damn it!
Stopping the race like that!
I know how you feel, but calm down.
Midoriya and Todoroki are
classmates--and friends--right?
Shut up!
No matter who it is, I won't let them
catch up to me, let alone get ahead of me!
Isn't that what it means
to be better than All Might--
To be better than the number one hero?
"Dagoba Municipal Beach Park"
You have ten months
until the U.A. entrance exam.
You must build up your body by then!
Young Midoriya?
All Might, why are you here?
What about you?
I'm here...
You can become a hero.
Young man, I will tell you the truth.
My Quirk was passed on
to me like a sacred torch.
The power to transfer power...
That is the Quirk I inherited!
I was crowned with "One For All"!
And next, it is your turn.
...because this is where I started.
Young Midoriya, the summer
training camp will be tough.
Do your best.
I will!
The location for the
training camp has been changed?
It's a measure we're taking to be cautious
since information may be
getting leaked to the villains.
Even within the school, only the
upper management is aware of this.
Please keep this quiet.
Even from the students.
There's something I'd like you to prepare...
That's right, it's the start of a new game...
"Preview"
It's the preview!
Summer training camp has started.
What appeared in front
of us eager students was...
...a beast!
Next time, "Wild, Wild Pussycats."
"Next time: Wild, Wild Pussycats"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!